iterator_pattern/Iterator.java
 iterator_pattern.Iterator
iterator_pattern/Aggregate.java
 iterator_pattern.Aggregate
iterator_pattern/BookShelf.java
 iterator_pattern.BookShelf
iterator_pattern/Book.java
 iterator_pattern.Book
iterator_pattern/BookShelfIterator.java
 iterator_pattern.BookShelfIterator
iterator_pattern/BookShelfWithList.java
 iterator_pattern.BookShelfWithList
adapter_pattern/Logger.java
 adapter_pattern.Logger
adapter_pattern/TestOutputLoggerClass.java
 adapter_pattern.TestOutputLoggerClass
adapter_pattern/ConsoleLogger.java
 adapter_pattern.ConsoleLogger
adapter_pattern/TestOutputLoggerObject.java
 adapter_pattern.TestOutputLoggerObject
adapter_pattern/TestOutput.java
 adapter_pattern.TestOutput
template_method_pattern/CharDisplay.java
 template_method_pattern.CharDisplay
template_method_pattern/AbstractDisplay.java
 template_method_pattern.AbstractDisplay
template_method_pattern/StringDisplay.java
 template_method_pattern.StringDisplay
factory_pattern/Apple.java
 factory_pattern.Apple
factory_pattern/Samsung.java
 factory_pattern.Samsung
factory_pattern/Phone.java
 factory_pattern.Phone
factory_pattern/PhoneFactory.java
 factory_pattern.PhoneFactory
singleton_pattern/UniqueObject.java
 singleton_pattern.UniqueObject
prototype_pattern/Commit.java
 prototype_pattern.Commit
prototype_pattern/Git.java
 prototype_pattern.Git
prototype_pattern/Branch.java
 prototype_pattern.Branch
